---
title: "What I've been up to."
month: "Eleint"
date: 2021-09-24
published: true
---

We have spent the last year on a business hiatus
while the party members ventured off to tie up
lose ends or dedicate serious time to learning a
new skill. I mostly stayed behind in Waterdeep
fixing the clerical errors of this business that
fell into my lap. I have also been able to spend
some time training some staff so that I do not
have to bound to premises everyday. So far, we
are making a small, but steady profit! Before
we are split way, everyone chipped in some coin
towards a plot of land and the assembly of a
modestly sized manor. Since I am the only one
who seems to be around these days, the director
of these opperations as well! It is draining
having such charismatic and authoritative spirit.
I am dedicated every last extra ounce of
flambouyance left in me to try and build my
realtionships with the communities movers and
shakers. You can never have too many allies in
high places. I think is going to benefit us all
greatly very soon! Stay tuned!
